Step 1: Reviewing the Data Model Document
The aim of this document was for me to use the data model to identify which datasets will be required to answer the business question - which is to figure out the top 5 categories with the largest popularity.
From looking at the data model document I determined that in the information I would need to solve the business question would be the following datasets: Reaction, ReactionTypes and Content.

Step 2: Cleaning the Data using Excel (Datasheets: Reaction, Reaction Types and Content)
I fristly removed rows that have values which are missing then changed the data type of some values within a column so that there is synergy through out the datasheets and lastly I removed columns which are not relevant to solving the business question.
Content Spreadsheet: I removed the URL column as the information is not needed and does not provide a quantitative measurement. It is not qualitative data which is what we are looking for. I then made sure that all the rows and columns in the Content sheet do not have any empty cells using the Filter Tool on Excel. I also removed cells that have quotation marks where there should have been integers and removed all duplicate cells.
Reaction: I used the filter tool to remove all empty cells. I then removed the User ID column as it would not provide any information for determining which content category is most popular or performing the best. I left the Date Time column in the Reaction Datasheet as I thought it would be necessary to see what times during the day do the content categories perform best or at what specific time of the year.
Reaction Type: This data sheet did not need any cleaning or alteration.

Step 3: Data Modelling
In this step I wanted to see the top 5 content categories in terms of popularity. I did this by following the following steps:
1. I created a final data set by merging three tables together (Reaction, Reaction Types and Content) using copy and paste methods as well as VLookUp using Content ID as the common unique column between Reaction and Content datasheets so that I could have the content type column matching the Content ID returned into my Reaction Datasheet under a column I made. 
I then did the same VLookUp process so that I could return the Category column from the Content Datashaeet onto my Reaction Datasheet according to the Content ID column.
I then used did the VLookUp operation with Reaction and Reaction Types Datasheets in ordet order to return the Sentiment and Score columns matching the coumns off Reaction Types in the Reaction Datasheet. 
2. From there I figured out the Top 5 performing categories. 

3. Lastly I added up the total scores for each category using the SumIf formula.
The end result should be one spreadsheet which contains:
1. A cleaned dataset.
2. The top 5 categories.
